Hyperlint Automation: Broken Link Fixes (#20510)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/do-more-with-tunnels/local-management/create-local-tunnel.mdx

Running this command will:

- Open a browser window and prompt you to log in to your Cloudflare account. After logging in to your account, select your hostname.

> - Generate an account certificate, the [cert.pem file](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/tunnel-useful-terms/), in the [default `cloudflared` directory](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/tunnel-useful-terms/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate an account certificate, the [cert.pem file](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/do-more-with-tunnels/local-management/local-tunnel-terms/#certpem), in the [default `cloudflared` directory](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/do-more-with-tunnels/local-management/local-tunnel-terms/#default-cloudflared-directory).
```

Running this command will:

- Create a tunnel by establishing a persistent relationship between the [name you provide](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/tunnel-useful-terms/#tunnel-name) and a [UUID](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/tunnel-useful-terms/#tunnel-uuid) for your tunnel. At this point, no connection is active within the tunnel yet.

> - Generate a [tunnel credentials file](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/tunnel-useful-terms/) in the [default `cloudflared` directory](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/tunnel-useful-terms/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a [tunnel credentials file](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/do-more-with-tunnels/local-management/local-tunnel-terms/#credentials-file) in the [default `cloudflared` directory](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/do-more-with-tunnels/local-management/local-tunnel-terms/#certpem).
```
